Clarify repository-forms availability in v3 (#897)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/releases/ez_platform_v3.0_deprecations.md

Forms for content creation have been moved to a new `ezplatform-content-forms` package.

> `repository-forms` remains as an additional layer ensuring that your custom implementations that use the package will still work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`repository-forms` remains as an additional layer ensuring that your custom implementations that use the package will still work.
```

> if you add the package manually to your `composer.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this repository, you have to add the package manually to your `composer.json`.
```
